README.md, before:

Recruitment centres
===================

Recruitment centres with MRI:

| City    | ID  | Short name | Recruitment and acquisition sites                                                                                                                                                                           |
|:--------|----:|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Utrecht | 101 | UMCU       | [UMC Utrecht](https://www.umcutrecht.nl)                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Paris   | 102 | APHP       | [AP-HP](https://www.aphp.fr), [Hôpital Robert-Debré](https://robertdebre.aphp.fr)                                                                                                                            |
| Reims   | 103 | CHU        | [CHU de Reims](https://www.chu-reims.fr/), [American Memorial Hospital](https://www.chu-reims.fr/le-chu/projets/projet-immobilier/dernieres-realisations/un-nouvel-hopital-pour-les-enfants)                |
| Madrid  | 104 | FIBHULP    | [Hospital Universitario La Paz](https://www.comunidad.madrid/hospital/lapaz/), [Servicio de Neonatología](https://www.comunidad.madrid/hospital/lapaz/profesionales/hospital-materno-infantil/neonatologia) |
| Genova  | 105 | Gaslini    | [IRCCS Istituto Giannina Gaslini](https://www.gaslini.org)                                                                                                                                                  |
| Essen   | 106 | EUH        | [Universitätsklinikum Essen](https://www.uk-essen.de)                                                                                                                                                       |
| Pisa    | 107 | PISA       | [IRCCS Fondazione Stella Maris](https://www.fsm.unipi.it/)                                                                                                                                                  |
| Milano  | 108 | PoliMI     | [IRCCS Ca' Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico](https://www.policlinico.mi.it)                                                                                                                             |

Pseudonym codes
===============

Pseudonym codes are made of 10 characters:
* 3 digits of the recruitment centre
* letter E
* 6 digits of patient code, not starting with 0, and ending with 1

For example, a participant recruited by Universitätsklinikum Essen might have the pseudonym `106E234561`.


Acknowledgments
===============

The development of the contents of this repository has been funded by [La Fondation Paralysie Cérébrale](https://www.fondationparalysiecerebrale.org/) under grant [ENSEMBLE](https://www.fondationparalysiecerebrale.org/ensemble-european-newborn-study-early-markers-better-life).

Commit message:

Change licence to Licence Ouverte 2.0
Also:
- Add a table of contents.
- Improve contents.

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
[![Licence: Open License Version 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Open%20License%20Version%202.0-blue)](https://www.etalab.gouv.fr/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/open-licence.pdf)

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
- [ENSEMBLE COHORT](#ensemble-cohort)
  - [Recruitment centres](#recruitment-centres)
  - [Pseudonym codes](#pseudonym-codes)
    - [Pseudonym codes for General Movements Assessment](#pseudonym-codes-for-general-movements-assessment)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

<!-- CONTENTS -->
# ENSEMBLE COHORT

Very basic information on the Eensemble cohort.


## Recruitment centres

Recruitment centres with MRI:

| City    | ID  | Short name | Recruitment and acquisition sites                                                                                                                                                                           |
|:--------|----:|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Utrecht | 101 | UMCU       | [UMC Utrecht](https://www.umcutrecht.nl)                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Paris   | 102 | APHP       | [AP-HP](https://www.aphp.fr), [Hôpital Robert-Debré](https://robertdebre.aphp.fr)                                                                                                                            |
| Reims   | 103 | CHU        | [CHU de Reims](https://www.chu-reims.fr/), [American Memorial Hospital](https://www.chu-reims.fr/le-chu/projets/projet-immobilier/dernieres-realisations/un-nouvel-hopital-pour-les-enfants)                |
| Madrid  | 104 | FIBHULP    | [Hospital Universitario La Paz](https://www.comunidad.madrid/hospital/lapaz/), [Servicio de Neonatología](https://www.comunidad.madrid/hospital/lapaz/profesionales/hospital-materno-infantil/neonatologia) |
| Genova  | 105 | Gaslini    | [IRCCS Istituto Giannina Gaslini](https://www.gaslini.org)                                                                                                                                                  |
| Essen   | 106 | EUH        | [Universitätsklinikum Essen](https://www.uk-essen.de)                                                                                                                                                       |
| Pisa    | 107 | PISA       | [IRCCS Fondazione Stella Maris](https://www.fsm.unipi.it/)                                                                                                                                                  |
| Milano  | 108 | PoliMI     | [IRCCS Ca' Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico](https://www.policlinico.mi.it)                                                                                                                             |


## Pseudonym codes

Pseudonym codes are made of 10 characters:
* 3 digits of the recruitment centre
* letter E
* 6 digits of patient code, not starting with 0, and ending with 1

For example, a participant recruited by _Universitätsklinikum Essen_ might have the pseudonym `106E234561`.

### Pseudonym codes for General Movements Assessment

We use specific codes for General Movements Assessment videos:
* 3 digits of the recruitment centre
* letter V
* 6 digits of patient code, not starting with 0, and ending with 1, but different from the above code


## Acknowledgments

The development of the contents of this repository has been funded by [La Fondation Paralysie Cérébrale](https://www.fondationparalysiecerebrale.org/) under grant [ENSEMBLE](https://www.fondationparalysiecerebrale.org/ensemble-european-newborn-study-early-markers-better-life).
